Previously on "The Practice"...
Aah! Ooh!
Some guy stabbed me.
Guy?
Yeah, some guy
in a nun suit.
You can help prevent
a big miscarriage here.
Get out!
This integrity
of the robe thing,
that's just a bunch
of crap!
I never had a gun.
I was just
going down the stairs!
Bailiff, take him out.
For the rest of the trial,
his hands are cuffed
to the chair
and his mouth is taped.
Your honor, that would be
so prejudicial!
It's not up for debate!
We find the defendant
not guilty.
Marry me.
Marry you?
I love you,
and I want
to be your husband.
I'm going to move in
with Bobby.
But I'm going to
have to move out.
I can't swing that place
on my own.
You can find
another roommate.
I'm looking
at the moment,
and I thought maybe
on a temporary basis --
think Elleanor and I
are a good match?
Look, she dates men
who cut off heads,
I have this thin
little neck --
Okay, that's really funny.
See? You're already
bickering -- roommates.
Lucy?
Aah!
Oh, god, you scared me.
I'm sorry.
Bobby, look at this.
It's a nun holding
the Boston Herald
with yesterday's date.
What?
Look.
He's still out there.
The nun that stabbed Lindsay,
he's not dead.
Bobby, do you see that
that's yesterday's date?
Calm down.
Don't tell me
to calm down!
Why is he doing this?
What is this,
some kind of threat?
What are you doing?
Check the background.
You'll see that lamp
on Jimmy's desk.
That picture
was taken here.
What?
He knows how to get in.
That's great.
He's alive...
With his own key.
♪
It could be a copycat.
It could, but this
doesn't exactly fit
a copycat profile.
It fits
joey heroics' profile.
He would love
to taunt us this way.
You blame Joey Heric
for everything.
How would he get a key?
Isn't it possible
the lock was picked?
Doesn't look like it.
Are you telling me
that the guy who stabbed me
might still be out there?
Never mind out there, Lindsay.
How about in here?
Okay, let's not panic.
That's easy for you to say.
You're not the one he's after.
It's got to be connected
to that nun killer case.
What else could it be?
Six months.
I got to serve?
Ronnie --
But she darted out
in front of me.
I wasn't even speeding.
The problem is
you fled the scene.
Then I turned myself in.
Doesn't that count
for something?
If you want to try it,
we can try it.
I'm ready,
the prosecution's ready.
But if we lose at trial,
you could get two
to three years.
My recommendation
is we take the deal.
All right.
They'll call us up soon.
We don't necessarily think
it's the same guy.
This firm has had a lot
of high-profile cases
where you put murderers
back on the street,
the highest profile
being that nun case.
Also, Lindsay's attack
got a lot of media attention.
I thought you said
this wasn't a copycat.
I said it didn't fit
the profile.
It could be someone
that hates this firm
and is using
the nun motif to,
well, dramatic effect.
So what your saying is,
you don't have a clue.
So, what's going to be done?
We'll investigate, Bobby,
but we don't even have
a death threat here.
I won't lie and say you'll get
tremendously high priority.
Great.
Changing the locks would be
a good place to start.
You're moving in
with me tonight.
Do you still
have your gun?
Unless he took it.
No, I've got it.
Let's not overreact here.
Overreact?
There's some psycho
targeting us, Jimmy.
And you think a gun's
going to be the answer?
Well, maybe not,
but if it is,
I want it to be
in my hand.
I'd say this guy
is already winning.
WOMAN: 30501 --
commonwealth vs Ronald Vega,
reckless driving,
leaving the scene
of an accident.
Another police conspiracy,
counselor?
No, your honor.
Your honor, we've reached
a tentative agreement,
subject to the approval
of the court.
Let's hear it.
One second, your honor.
I need a moment.
I'm sorry.
The agreement is off.
What?
Something you'd like
to share
with the rest of us?
Your honor,
Elizabeth Nicklen,
the victim,
died this morning
from a ruptured spleen.
Because the case
now involves a homicide --
Homicide?
It was
an injury sustained
in the accident.
In light
of the new circumstances,
the commonwealth would like
to withdraw
the plea offer agreement,
add the vehicular homicide
to the charges,
and move forward.
You can't be serious.
Bond set at $75,000.
Take him into custody.
This is outrageous!
Yes, well, given the fact
that your client confessed,
I suggest you get together
with the D. A.
And work out a plea.
RONNIE:
I need to talk to you.
I'll be back there
in a second.
Ms. Washington!
I'll be there in a second.
What the hell?
The doctors
connect the death
with the accident, Bec.
It's not like I have
much of a choice.
I'll give you five.
Five years?
That's a deal.
Vehicular plus
leaving the scene --
Swack would pin him
with eight minimum.
He might not even
sign off on five.
Let's have it recalled.
We'll get rid of it.
I have to talk
to my client first.
The offer
is now five years.
I didn't do it.
The doctors evidently
can connect the injuries --
I didn't hit her.
I wasn't driving the car.
What are you talking about?
Teddy Barrington --
he's this big
real estate guy.
I detail his car.
He hit her.
He was drinking.
He paid me to say
that I did it.
Wait, wait, wait a second
Ronnie.
I didn't do it
Ms. Washington.
Somebody else is paying you
to take the fall?
Yes.
How much?
$30,000, plus $10,000
for each month
I had to serve.
But five years? No way.
I'm not doing five years.
Ronnie,
you signed a confession.
But I didn't do it!
Okay.
Is there any way
we can prove this?
Do you have an alibi?
No. It was late at night,
and I was home sleeping
when he called.
But if you go
to my apartment,
look in my closet.
You'll find the money.
Ms. Washington...
I wasn't driving
that car.
This is exactly
what you want --
got your auto recoil,
small, easy to conceal.
Well it would
fit in my purse.
Yeah, but what about if I
drop it?
It's not going to go
off is it?
Best safety lock made.
How much?
Six fifty.
That's a lot of money.
Pay him.
$500.
I don't dicker.
Look, you can't
buy this anywhere,
it's illegal
for you to own it,
and they don't give out
carry permits.
Ellenor.
Okay.
Okay, here.
Gives you any trouble,
call me.
Thanks, Phil.
Have a safe day.
I don't know whether
to be happy I have a gun
or appalled that you could
buy them on the street.
Well, look at it this way --
one less gun to fall
into the wrong hands.
You know, maybe I should
learn how to shoot it.
There are plenty
of places for that.
There's not much kick on it,
so it won't be that hard.
Have you ever fired yours?
Only in target practice,
except for that guy.
Oh, yeah,
I forgot about that.
It sounds a little like
a tall tale, Rebecca.
Yes, it does,
with one exception.
Not a bribe.
This is evidence --
$30,000.
He also promised to pay him
an extra $10,000
for each month
he spent in jail.
No witnesses?
No, but I ran
Barrington's priors.
He has two DUI's.
And your client
has two cocaine priors.
Maybe he got
this money dealing.
He has been straight,
sober, and honest
for six years.
Well, we'll talk
to this Barrington guy.
Can I be there?
Please.
Okay.
But listen, Rebecca,
if I find we're being put
through the ringer on this,
I'm taking five years
off the table
and I'm pushing for eight.
You think
I'm putting you on?
I think he might be.
George?
Ellenor, what are you
doing with a gun?
Never mind.
What are you doing
crashing into people
on the sidewalk?
I wasn't crashing.
You were walking
with your head down.
What are you doing here?
Well, I was coming by
to say hi,
but I'm certainly
rethinking that,
given the sound
of your voice.
I'm sorry.
What the hell are you
doing with a gun?
Our office is being
terrorized by some wacko.
We're all just
a little jumpy.
But a gun? You?
What you should be doing
is moving,
getting out
of that apartment.
It's a bad neighborhood.
It's already taken care of.
I'm moving in
with Helen Gamble.
It's Beacon Hill.
It's very safe.
I still want a gun.
He's been
terrorizing you how?
It's just --
it's a long story,
and I'm late
for a depo, so --
How about we get dinner?
You can tell me then.
Yeah, great. Okay.
It would have to be
an early one.
Uh, 5:30.
Let's say Angelino's?
Great.
You'll be coming armed?
That's cute.
I'll see you.
When Ronnie
returned the car,
I noticed
he looked rattled.
How do you mean rattled?
Nervous, fidgety,
so I decided
to check the car out
before I paid him.
And that's when you saw the
damage to your car?
Yes, and it was
at that time
that he told me
what he had done.
I was upset with him
at first.
He started to cry.
He was very distraught
about the whole situation.
Whose idea was it
to call the police?
It was mine.
I told him that
either now or later,
the police were going
to have to be told.
I also made it very clear
that if he voluntarily
turned himself in,
the D. A. Might be
more forgiving.
Did you go anywhere
while Mr. Vega
had your car?
No. I stayed at home.
Was anyone with you?
My wife.
Why were you getting
your car detailed at night?
I typically
have it done at night
Because that's
when I'm not using it.
All of a sudden
I get the feeling
I'm the one
being investigated.
Mr. Vega claims that
you're paying him $30,000
to take the fall for you --
that you hit
Elizabeth Nicklen,
not him.
You're not
taking him seriously?
Then this interview's over.
Out of a van?
What difference
does it make where?
does it make?
Yes, It's a 30-day wait
in Massachusetts.
We got a guy dressing up
as a nun sending us threats.
We're supposed
to wait a month?
That's the law.
There's a law against
stabbing people, too.
Oh, please.
What, oh, please?
We're lawyers, Lindsay,
members of the bar.
That goes for you, too.
We don't commit crimes.
And you buying that gun
off of god knows who --
-It was a client.
-It's against the law.
You complain every day
we're not doing enough
to legitimize ourselves,
what if you get caught carrying?
You could get disbarred.
Did you think about that?
Did you?
Oh, Bobby, shut up.
JIMMY:
All right, let's all --
The fact that we're engaged
doesn't mean I'm not
still senior partner.
You don't speak to me
like that in here.
Then let's step outside
You know, come on.
-Quite.
-Stay out of it.
-Hey.
Sit.
I don't like
the sound of that.
Barrington's wife
backed him up --
said he was home
the whole time.
Well, what did you expect?
She's his wife.
Let's talk about what
you expect, Rebecca.
Jennifer, say what
you have to say.
We're pressing forward
against Vega.
I'm telling you --
we have
a signed confession.
He was paid
to give that.
Which we can't prove.
And that is what this
is all about, isn't it?
The only case
you'll be able to prove
is against Vega.
Why even
investigate Barrington?
Because
with Ronnie's testimony,
he represents automatic
reasonable doubt.
Rebecca.
Give him a lie detector.
Not admissible,
and you know it.
But it's accurate.
Rebecca, we're going
forward against Vega.
It comes from above.
Because a woman is dead
and somebody needs
to be convicted, that it?
All the evidence we have
points to Vega.
Mr. Barrington's wife
will provide an alibi.
They're moving forward
against you.
Ronnie, I think
we should just try it.
You convinced me.
You persuade one juror,
we've got reasonable doubt.
Now, we can impound --
I've decided to stick
with my confession,
Ms. Washington.
I'm sorry?
It was me.
I hit the woman.
I've decided to stick
with my confession.
Let that be that.
Wait a second.
You're going back to saying
you drove the car?
Yes.
You had
any visitors here?
Anybody here to see you?
Mr. Barrington's attorney.
He came to ask why
I was accusing somebody else
of doing what I did.
How much?
How much are they
offering you this time?
He appealed
to my conscience.
You can't do this.
This is a homicide.
I don't care how much
they're offering you.
This will ruin your life.
For god's sake,
listen to me!
My life will be ruined?
Do you know
the first thing
about my life,
Ms. Washington?
My parents were dead
when I was 9.
I never
finished high school.
I make about $11,000 a year
if I'm lucky.
Going to prison
may be the best way
to prevent me
from becoming a criminal.
You're a criminal
right now
if you do
what you're talking about.
I hit the woman.
You have my confession.
What do you expect me
to do about it?
Well, I want
to be let off.
A lawyer can't knowingly
defraud the court.
You don't know anything.
You suspect.
Your honor, I know.
So what?
I take you off the case,
he just lies
to his next lawyer.
He marches in here
with some ignoramus,
and the court is no better
protected against fraud.
Most attorneys wouldn't
give a damn anyway.
How did you get
to be so cynical?
I'm not cynical, counsel,
I'm annoyed.
My day was supposed
to end 20 minutes ago.
Oh, forgive me.
I'm sure you have a nice
bowel movement planned
and you want to get to it,
give your day some meaning?
Have you been listening
to what I'm saying?
A kid has been bought off
to take a homicide wrap
in your court.
If that doesn't bother you,
then don't tell me
you're not cynical
or jaded or even putrid
for that matter.
I will reject
the kid's guilty plea.
Thank you.
He will have a trial
whether he likes it or not,
and you will be his lawyer.
Me? I can't.
Yes, you can.
I may have to be a witness
Because of what I heard.
I'll decide that
as I go along.
We impanel in the morning.
He'll just fire me.
I won't let him.
In the interests of justice
and non-cynicism,
you're the best lawyer
for the job.
Your honor --
9:00, counsel.
You delay my bowel movement
one more second,
I'll hold you in contempt.
Yes. It's an emergency.
I think there's somebody
in my apartment.
I put a little piece
of tape on at lunchtime.
It's broken.
And you don't have
a maid or a super?
No, no. Nobody goes
in there but me.
And nobody's come out
since you arrived.
No.
Okay, let's go in.
Men: police! Freeze!
Aah!
Roberta.
Get out.
Get out, all of you!
Judge Kittleson?
Out!
Get out!
Let's go.
Uh, what...
I came to surprise you.
Oh.
Worked.
-Naked, naked?
-Yes. Naked, naked.
She was standing there naked
nude to surprise me
and they busted in with guns.
What did she say?
Not much. She gathered
her stuff and left.
Won't take my calls.
We can wait till the end
of the week if it's easier.
No, it's fine.
Ellenor's going to move in
with Helen today,
so I'll need to sleep
at your place tonight.
Sounds romantic.
I gotta go to court.
I'm second chairing
Rebecca.
He's been here again.
He held this.
He held it.
He had a certain smell,
a cologne.
This is it.
No, this is no copycat.
It's him.
I don't smell anything.
When we got there,
he was crying.
The defendant.
Yes. He said
he'd hit a woman
who was crossing the street
and that he'd panicked
and drove off.
Was anybody with him
when you arrived?
Yes, a Mr. Theodore Barrington,
the owner of the car.
And were you able
to establish
Mr. Barrington's connection
with all this?
Basically, the defendant
was detailing
Mr. Barrington's car,
and when driving it home,
the defendant hit the woman.
He told Mr. Barrington
about it, and evidently,
Mr. Barrington convinced him
to notify us.
Did you look into
whether Mr. Barrington
was driving the car himself?
I'm told he was
questioned later.
My question is,
did you look
into this possibility?
No.
Why not?
Because the kid
confessed to it.
Are you aware
that the defendant claimed
he was paid $30,000
by Mr. Barrington?
Objection!
Overruled.
I made that up.
Mr. Vega, take your seat.
Judge, I told --
I said take your seat
and close your mouth,
or I'll have it taped shut.
And if you don't think
I'll do it, ask your lawyer.
I don't want her
to be my lawyer.
I'll give you
one last warning.
Look, I just want
to plead guilty.
Okay, detective Simons,
I'll ask you again.
Are you aware
that my client claimed
he was paid $30,000
by Mr. Barrington
to say
he was driving the car?
I was not aware of that
at the time.
I was made aware
of that this morning,
but I was told
that the defendant
has since retracted
the statement.
Are you aware his subsequent
retraction came
after Mr. Vega was paid
a visit to his cell
by Mr. Barrington's
attorney?
I was not aware of that, no.
Thank you, detective.
That's all.
Your honor,
the commonwealth
calls Ronald Vega.
Objection, your honor.
My client
has a fifth amendment right
not to testify.
I think
if you removed the tape
from Mr. Vega's mouth,
you'll learn
that he waives that right.
What were you thinking?
Is that why you came,
to compound
my humiliation?
Because believe me,
it's not possible.
Roberta,
I didn't know you and I
were speaking romantically
much less...
I find it difficult
to tell a man I miss him.
For whatever reason,
it's just easier
to show up
in his apartment naked.
My god.
How can I ever
make eye contact
with people again?
Oh, you said that when
you were on the internet.
You got over it.
This is much worse.
I was standing there naked.
I can't even imagine
what people must think.
Why do you care
what they think?
You're always saying
when you put that robe on,
you're a judge.
It's so important
that everybody think of you
as a great judge
with integrity.
Part of being
a good judge
is the appearance
of dignity.
So they walked in
on your personal life.
That doesn't make you any less
dignified professionally.
You weren't doing
anything illegal.
It was a big mistake.
And know what they're
all talking about, Roberta?
Your body,
how great it is.
Really?
I wasn't calling you
over and over last night
just 'cause I felt bad
for you.
You got me
a little worked up.
I'm not happy
I walked in there
with the police seeing you
like that.
I'll be honest.
I was shocked,
but I was glad to see you.
I've missed you, too.
Okay.
Thanks.
That was Mcguire.
No leads yet,
but the fact that he's
Become bolder like this,
they consider him dangerous.
Gee.
Look, I think
we should get a guard.
Can I talk to you?
Go ahead.
In my office.
What have I done
to deserve this?
You've done absolutely
nothing, Bobby.
I'm getting this
Because I don't like you
buying illegal guns?
It doesn't make any sense.
You're getting this
for always judging me,
I'm not judging you,
Judging me when you have
absolutely no idea.
-what you're talking about.
-But I'm entitled to an opinion,
one of which being
the attorneys here
shouldn't break the law.
What do you think Elleanor
or I should do, Bobby,
expect the police
to protect us?
Go to court,
get a restraining order --
all murderers stay away,
one-mile radius?
Expect you to protect me?
Okay, that was personal.
You're attacking me again.
This is about
some anger with me.
No, you're the one who
started the attack on me.
Lindsay, what the hell
is going on?
I've got scars, Bobby.
You want to see them?
And they still hurt.
Oh, here we go.
Here we go?
Look, Lindsay, I know
what you went through.
I understand.
You know
what I went through.
If you want --
I got stabbed three times.
Somebody took a knife
and stuck it into me
three times.
It went through muscle
and ligaments and arteries.
I was on that floor dying,
and you think you know?
You know, you give me
an engagement ring,
you think it will make it
all go away?
Will you marry me?
That's supposed to
just heal everything.
I almost died,
and you can't bring yourself
to talk about it!
I need to talk about it!
A week later
you're wondering
how many people
we should invite.
We can't pretend it never
happened now, okay?
He's out there, he's back,
and he's come
into this office,
and I can smell him!
And I can smell him!
I can smell him.
Okay, okay.
All right.
I can smell him.
(crying)
Living room or bedroom?
Uh, you can leave it
right there.
Oh, two more.
George, take a break.
Two more,
then I'll collapse.
What's the dish, Elleanor?
No guy carries
that many boxes
without expecting to get
a little something
in return.
Sorry to disappoint you.
Just a friend.
Oh, come on. Roommates
are supposed to share
their little sexual secrets.
I sleep
with this football player.
He comes over
with his poodle.
The dog likes to lick
my toes during.
Just kidding.
For a second,
I felt safer on the street.
No, seriously, Elleanor.
No guy is interested
in being just friends,
not even a loser
like George.
Shh?
Look, the truth is,
under these circumstances,
it's not the worst thing
in the world
to have a male friend
close by.
No, especially one
who can cut off heads.
Would you shut up?
Look, I'm sorry.
He's weird, okay?
I'm not as convinced as
you are that he's innocent.
Will you just unpack?
Look at you,
already bossing me around.
Where do you want that?
Just leave it right there.
Mr. Vega, under oath,
is it your testimony
that you struck
Elizabeth Nicklen
while driving
Teddy Barrington's car?
Yes.
You turned yourself
into police.
You signed
a full confession.
Yes.
Now, did you tell
your attorney
that Mr. Barrington
paid you
for a false confession?
Yeah,
but I was lying to her.
He never paid me.
I hit the woman,
and I'm accepting
responsibility.
So you were just lying to me
when you told me
you were paid to confess.
That's right.
And you suddenly
changed your story
after getting a visit
from Mr. Barrington's attorney,
didn't you, Ronnie?
'cause he appealed
to my conscience,
plus, you know,
I don't want to be sued
for false
accusing somebody.
I see.
You first told me
he paid you $30,000,
and then you told me
to go to your apartment.
And when I did,
sure enough,
I found almost $30,000.
Your honor,
I have to object.
She's giving testimony here.
If she's going
to be a witness --
let's just
get through this.
A lawyer can't stand --
Overruled.
Where did the $30,000
come from?
Savings.
Savings?
Ronnie,
you made $11,000 a year
in your best year.
You saved up $30,000?
Yes.
You have an account
at commonwealth savings bank
totaling $703.
Why not put the $30,000
in a bank?
It was illegal gains.
Illegal how?
I refuse to answer that
on grounds
it could incriminate me.
But you have a conscience,
Ronnie,
and you're
of the confessing mind.
-Objection.
-Sustained.
When you told me you were
being paid to confess
and I was trying to
talk you out of doing that,
you said I couldn't know you.
These are attorney/client
communications.
Counselor,
you're lucky enough
to have a scum ball here
who's willing to confess.
Why don't you sit
and be happy with that?
You said that $30,000
plus $10,000
for every month
you'd spend in jail,
that's more money
than you'd ever know.
You said
that going to prison,
getting this money
might actually prevent you
from Becoming a criminal.
That was all just a lie?
Yes.
You're lying now,
aren't you, Ronnie?
No.
Taking the fall
for a homicide --
I bet you're getting
a lot for that.
It was me driving the car.
Why aren't you
looking at me, Ronnie?
I'll look at you,
but you're just
some ambitious bitch
doing I don't know what
or why.
I guess that's it.
I'm just
some ambitious bitch
standing up here
who you're having trouble
looking at.
Hey, you sure you don't
want to stay for dinner?
I'm going to the market,
and I can get you
whatever you like.
Thank you,
but believe it or not,
I actually
have plans tonight.
Oh, really?
You have a hot date?
Are you making fun
of me, Elleanor?
Uh, no.
Actually, I wasn't.
Well, I thank you
for the offer,
but I do have plans.
Well, I thank you
for all the help.
Do you want
to walk me out?
Sure.
This is the craziest trial
I've ever heard of.
We have the defendant
saying he's guilty
while his lawyer
says he's not.
I've been acting
like a witness,
offering facts into evidence,
and a lot of it has been
attorney/client privilege,
and all the while we have
your honor up there,
taping my client's mouth,
calling him scum.
We have more grounds
for appeals --
this is the trial court,
counsel.
You can make
your appeals later.
Maybe he doesn't care
about Ronnie,
but I bet he cares
about the integrity
of this room.
I hope you care about it.
Ronald Vega doesn't.
He accepted money
to be bought off the truth.
He spits on this room.
He spits on me,
the judge, on you.
You don't represent me!
Mr. Vega!
You want to rot in jail
for cash,
it's not just your business.
It's mine and it's their's,
and I won't be bought off...
And I doubt you will be,
either.
You took an oath
to uphold the law
and find the truth,
and we all know
the truth here, don't we?
Ronald Vega
wasn't driving that car.
If we can't convict
with a confession,
then something
is definitely wrong
with the system.
All the evidence,
all of it,
supports
Mr. Vega's confession.
A woman is dead here,
ladies and gentlemen.
Ms. Washington may choose
to characterize this trial
as a farce,
but a human life was lost,
and we have an admission
from the man responsible.
If you were to acquit
on the basis
of the defense counsel's
opinion,
well, then we would have
a farce...
Wouldn't we?
You all set?
I still have a lot
of work to do, actually.
Well, I'm not
leaving you here alone.
I have a gun, remember?
Lindsay...
I'm sorry.
You just seemed
to recover so fast,
it didn't occur to me
what should have been
so obvious.
I'm okay, Bobby.
No. We're not going to
make that mistake again
and just assume you're okay.
You were almost killed.
It's going to take
a long time
before that trauma
goes away.
You're right.
I was just happy
to move forward
and pretend
it was all behind us.
That's what I do.
I like to believe
everything's okay.
But I can't do that here.
I am so sorry.
It's just...
Him still being out there...
Just brings it all back.
I just keep thinking...
What if he's caught ever?
He goes to triaL...
I'd have to testify.
I don't think
I could handle it.
It was just so much easier
with him being dead.
I just want him dead.
The jury's reached
its verdict?
We have, your honor.
The defendant
will please rise.
How say you,
madam foreperson?
"Commonwealth vs Ronald Vega
on count one,
vehicular homicide,
and count two,
leaving the scene
of an accident --
we, the jury,
find the defendant,
Ronald Vega,
not guilty."
What do you know?
Members of the jury,
we thank you.
You're free to go,
as is the defendant.
We are adjourned.
This is a pattern with me.
I get them off,
they never say thank you.
Ms. Washington,
the court thanks you.
You see that look
he just shot me?
What was that?
Well deserved.
Come on.
I'll buy you dinner.
Hey, Helen, I found
the spinach angel hair pasta.
I got all the ingredients.
Hello?
Helen.
Helen! Oh, Helen!
Oh, my god. Oh, my god.
Damn it.
Something wrong, Elleanor?
I changed my mind
about dinner,
but I think Helen's
too dead tired to cook.
You?
Susan Robin?
Lindsay?
You told me you had
to work late that night,
remember, Elleanor?
I had theater tickets.
You said you'd be
in the office
till at least 9:00.
But when I went there,
I found Lindsay.
Why did you hurt her
or Helen?
Helen's not dead.
She just inhaled
a little chloroform.
She's alive?
Sometimes I like
to simulate death.
When she wakes,
she'll find you.
You came to kill me?
You know how many times
you've killed me?
Think you can reach
that gun?
Think you can use that gun
to kill me, Elleanor?
Let me make it easier
for you.
I would love
to go out that way,
with you
pulling the trigger.
Go ahead, Elleanor,
get your gun.
Go ahead. Shoot me.
You'd be doing me a favor,
wouldn't you?
Putting me out
of my miserable,
pathetic existence.
What you don't know
about me
is that I would.
I will shoot you.
Then do it.
I'll make you do it.
I'm going to kill you
unless you kill me.
-George --
-Do it!
Don't come any closer.
Shoot me, Elleanor!
Don't make me
pull the trigger.
Don't make me do it.
You're going to have to
do it, Elleanor.
be the executioner.
George,
put the knife down,
and we're going
to talk about it.
Just put it down.
You did it.
Helen!
Helen, wake up!
Wake up! Wake up!
Can you hear me?
It's Elleanor.
Open your eyes.
Helen, wake up!
That's a good girl.
That's a good girl
open them up. Good girl.
That's a good girl.
Good girl.
Hey, hey, it's me.
Helen, Helen...
Open your eyes!
I'm feeling better.
I could even dance.
What's the matter, Elleanor,
not as dead
as you'd hoped for?
I told you I loved
to simulate it.
I put blanks
in your little gun earlier.
You didn't really think
I wanted to be killed
by you, did you?
Though I did want to see
if you'd do it.
George, please,
if you're psychotic
or whatever,
you obviously need help,
and I can help you.
You just shot me.
Now you want to help me?
You have
an insanity defense
for everything you've done.
Well, then,
I'll also have one
for what I'm about to do.
Please.
Bad boyfriend.
Aah!
♪
WOMAN: You stinker!